[Music]
the reason I've got her in my house at
the moment is we haven't actually
finished building the cabin nursery
she's the one that's calling the shots
when she's hungry she wants to feed and
when when she's not she wants to play or
sleep actually gains confidence she's
gonna become a handful just got already
got an element of you can't take your
eyes off her
[Music]
there's a reason why bears haven't been
domesticated over the years like these
guys who put the term in here we go
[Music]
she needs more and more stimulations
it's a priority to finish that in closer
[Music]
naturally in the wild and should be
ripping open trees looking for insects
and bugs and termites so part of the
reason they have those huge claws is
exactly this
[Music]
oh my god
you could go slightly crazy here so this
is a jackfruit and this is the first one
she's ever had
[Music]
this your thing now jumping
you see it's not an easy catch by back
she keeps thinking about jumping that's
terrified at her weight Mary is a force
to be reckoned with
she pushes the boundaries a little she
knows she gives me glances all the time
like the recite raids ones thinking and
if I can get away with that so she's
just full of life that's the best way
you can describe it I've known a lot of
us over the years
I just think Mary's an amazing little
bear she's having a fulfilled quality of
life where she gets to behave like a
real something
[Music]
[Applause]